hey guys how's it going it's me thanks
and welcome to a new series that we have
together today and that is wage wars
this is a race to 1 million coins I'm
going to be doing this series with a ton
of other youtubers let's go ahead and
take a look at that list let me pull
that up for you really quick so it's
going to be myself nepenthez kappa gun
tom itani Finch math Ryan also known as
way back clutch in Bateson 87 there's a
ton of people we're all going to be
racing to do wagers against our
subscribers are people that we shout out
on Twitter in order for us to possibly
make it to where we make wager to a
million coins now this is nothing I've
ever done I'm not big on wagers I don't
think I've actually oh maybe I've done
like one or two in my entire time at
FIFA so that's going to be crazy for me
i hope i do really well in it but some
of these guys are really good at wagers
will see exactly how it goes i would
really appreciate if y'all gave me some
support in this series go ahead let's
boost this video to say 1000 likes that
would be amazing and before we started
here today if you guys want to get some
fifa 14 ultimate team coins check out by
cheap fifa coins com i'll have a link in
description below let me show you the
team i'm using for this series guys for
I have a legend team here going on so
hopefully it does great things for me
I've beaten a lot of people this team so
I felt like it was the best one was
going to use I might be putting another
team as subs on the bench but for now
it's just going to be players that I had
gotten in some type of pack that I was
opening when I was doing my 100 k-pax so
we start with 10,000 coins and we can do
at the least amount a 1000 coin wager
and at the most obviously I think it's a
hundred thousand coin wager so at the
end of it whoever gets there first wins
everybody's coins or who knows there
might be some kind of thing we're like
the number one person's number two
person play each other we'll see how it
comes but let's see here in the striker
position we have shevchenko and he is a
total freaking monster mostly because I
can cross to him all the time with
Lumbergh I'm gonna say his name that way
because I say it wrong either way it's
not going to work i had to have a third
legend to make this team work so i
picked up v areas center attacking mid
in the left mid position we have el
sawari in the left that position we have
constant we have duro see in the center
defense mission as well as it's albie
alonso and then we have a sergio ramos
and we have car I'm so bad at saying
this guy's name Carvajal and then we
have Chiellini and of course Buffon at
keeper bouffants not my favorite keeper
but he fits on the team and I'm going to
use
him and I can't change it you can't
change the team's past this minus the
ones that I'm probably gonna put on the
bench which will be a fitness team or I
might just keep it like this and only
use fitness cards because i'm sure i can
transfer those over from either account
this is the only team i can use the
entire time we play our first two games
in this part of the series now I need
you guys to let me know in the comments
down below i did a life not a lot common
i did a commentary over this one I'm
going to but do you guys want me to do
live comms do you guys want me to do a
commentary with a face cam live comms
are a lot harder to come across and it
doesn't show much just shows me raging
so would you like me to do like a
commentary over it but just have my face
came up for now you're not going to have
that just let me know down in the
comments below anyway let's get started
with our first matches alright so how I
decided to get these matches as I
tweeted out on Twitter and I said does
anybody want to do a wager match for 2k
which is going to be my first wager that
I decided to do here and we got Buick
who is our first taker and with that
Buick showed us this team right here
which didn't look like it was going to
be too hard to come up against it just
looks like a ton of pace so let's see
exactly how this game pinned out now in
the very beginning of the match I don't
know what happened I mean literally this
is right after kickoff I just decided to
be sweaty these are wagers I'm going to
be sweaty I'm going to play crossing if
you guys don't like that i'm sorry i'll
try to score some non cross and goals
but right here why not we've got a wide
open header why would i not try to take
that Shevchenko gets that header he's
going to get it almost every time and an
unfortunate vin is going to happen after
this after me scoring that go i think we
were almost a half year I was at the
45th minute probably the game freezes
and it's because we were having some
connection issues it was going in and
now we had yellow and red bars I don't
know what was going I think it was my
actual host that day so I did feel sorry
for this guy but I went ahead I gave him
another invite we were going to have to
start only play one half because we
already played the first half and of
course I was winning on that one so it's
pretty much I'm up one nil and then if
he scores any goes from there it'll be
on top of that if I score any goals in
this half and of course we'll just put
the aggregate together and that'll be
the score of the game so he comes back
with the same team which is good every
now that I've played people in wagers
they come back with a different team I
don't think they're allowed to do that
in a series so I'm glad that didn't
happen and he was unable to score so I
go on to win my very first wagering
wager wars we get 2k and we move up our
point total so now I do you'll see here
I've already played the other match
whenever I
accepted this so it's going to show my
metrics I do have an extra loss here and
that's because after I played the first
half and pretty much one in this other
game I just left i put out because it
means everyone we already played one
half so that was kind of considered the
second half but i went ahead and i got
my 2k except right there which is really
awesome if you do not if i play with
these wagers you do not pay me it would
be really bad because it would suck i
need i need to be able get the quince
bill will do these anyway so we're
moving into the second match I'm like
I'm on top of the world now I got
frickin to kay I'm gonna go for 5k we
get LT skills 95 or 97 I wasn't able to
read that right there but we're gonna
come up against him and let's just take
a look at what team he's rocking into
that show he had the same badges me
that's kind of weird maybe we both
started our club at the same time but I
think we both had the same badge and
he's got a Brazilian skiller team his
name is Lt skills he's got a Brazilian
skiller team I can only imagine that he
is going to try to skill on me like
crazy so we go into the very beginning
band this is pretty much how the entire
match worked for me every single shot
that I took on goal was something like
that I didn't even try he had it I
pretty wide open where I could take like
shots from anywhere I didn't have to do
a bunch of headers so I didn't try that
but he gets a wide open over the top
ball right here I could not even stop
that I i'm usually amazing it's hopping
those and i couldn't i don't know what's
going on my defense goes derp dee derp
right here and somehow he gets a
beautiful shot on goal as well I don't
this guy was really good at least from
why I say like for a 5k wager he was
schooling me he was also rubbing in my
face a little bit which was not very
nice of him especially when he decides
that he is going to do the goal that
he's going to do next now taking a look
at the stats we were kind of even when
stats or at least i would say for the
most part he did have a little bit more
possession to me but i had a ton of
shots and a ton of shots on goal that
were on target so i didn't understand
why wasn't scoring i was pretty much
raging this whole match so if you
would've seen a live call me to see
nothing but rage right here he asides
rub it in my face he does a little
I don't even know what that is
please tell me but that guy gets the
header think that's freaking co-star
whoever I can't really tell her in there
but the names are so hard I didn't set
it up on this accounting you to set up
where it actually has their names over
their head because it doesn't tell you
their name whenever you score which
really stinks that brings the end of the
game and I lose three nil now I might
give you a
it's to see my stats let's see if it
takes it like that it probably won't I
don't think I did the stats but I think
I ended with like nine shots on goal and
maybe seven on target we might get there
let's take a look hold on get over there
come on get out the way get out of the
way yeah what does that say yeah nine on
goal seven on target I scored zero goals
that's really frustrating I went ahead i
got this contract whenever you are
putting a bid on something you have to
do a contract he put up a position card
so i went ahead i did his 5000 coins and
on top of the 5000 coins i did a
contract now if you guys are going to
want to have a chance to be able to play
me for the future one of these let me
know by are you not to let me know
actually follow me on twitter that's the
biggest way to do it cuz i'm going to
shout it on twitter i do have to do a
few more days i believe these are going
out tuesday thursday friday so probably
this evening or maybe even wednesday i'm
going to be doing some more let me know
down in the comments below what do you
think my next wager value should be also
if you think that this is just fine and
you like this style layout or if you
want me to be on webcam doing this exact
same thing or if you want me to do like
a full-on live come on of it but it
might be a little bit more boring that
way anyway that is going to be it for
this video guys if you did like it don't
forget hit that thumbs up button thanks
for watching this video though guys
until next time I'll see you guys later